trm_svcomp_2Nested_false-termination-input.c: concrete:false  abstract:unknow   
trm_svcomp_2Nested_false-termination-inputrand.c: concrete:true  abstract:true 
trm_svcomp_2Nested_false-termination-randinput.c: concrete:true  abstract:true
trm_svcomp_2Nested_false-termination-randrand.c: concrete:true  abstract:true
trm_svcomp_AlternDivWide_false-termination-input.c: concrete:false   abstract:unknow
trm_svcomp_AlternDivWide_false-termination-rand.c: concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_AlternDivWidening_false-termination-input.c: concrete:false    abstract:unknow
trm_svcomp_AlternDivWidening_false-termination-rand.c: concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_Bangalore_false-termination-inputinput.c: concrete:false abstract:unknow
trm_svcomp_Bangalore_false-termination-inputrand.c: concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_Bangalore_false-termination-randinput.c: concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_Bangalore_false-termination-randrand.c: concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_Bangalore_v2_false-termination-inputinput.c: concrete:false abstract:unknow
trm_svcomp_Bangalore_v2_false-termination-inputrand.c: concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_Bangalore_v2_false-termination-randinput.c: concrete:true abstract:true 
trm_svcomp_Bangalore_v2_false-termination-randrand.c:  concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_Bangalore_v3_false-termination-inputinput.c: concrete:false  abstract:unknow   
trm_svcomp_Bangalore_v3_false-termination-inputrand.c:  concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_Bangalore_v3_false-termination-randinput.c:  concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_Bangalore_v3_false-termination-randrand.c:  concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_ChooseLife_false-termination-iiii.c:  concrete:false abstract:unknow
trm_svcomp_ChooseLife_false-termination-riri.c:  concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_ChooseLife_false-termination-rrii.c:  concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_ChooseLife_false-termination-rrrr.c:  concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_ComplxStruc_false-termination-input.c: concrete:false abstract:unknow
trm_svcomp_ComplxStruc_false-termination-rand.c: concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_DivWithoutMinus_false-termination-inputinput.c:  concrete:false abstract:unknow
trm_svcomp_DivWithoutMinus_false-termination-inputrand.c:   concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_DivWithoutMinus_false-termination-randinput.c:   concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_DivWithoutMinus_false-termination-randrand.c:    concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_DoubleNeg_false-termination-inputinput.c: concrete:false abstract:unknow
trm_svcomp_DoubleNeg_false-termination-inputrand.c: concrete:true abstract:unknow precision:nla
trm_svcomp_DoubleNeg_false-termination-randinput.c: concrete:true abstract:unknow precision:nla
trm_svcomp_DoubleNeg_false-termination-randrand.c:  concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_Et2_false-termination-iir.c: concrete:true abstract:unknow precision:randloop
trm_svcomp_Et2_false-termination-rri.c: concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_Et2_false-termination-rrr.c: concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_Et4_false-termination-iiir.c: concrete:true abstract:unknow precision:randloop
trm_svcomp_Et4_false-termination-irir.c:    concrete:true abstract:true 
trm_svcomp_Et4_false-termination-rrrr.c:    concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_Ex08_false-termination-input.c:  concrete:false abstract:unknow
trm_svcomp_Ex08_false-termination-rand.c:   concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_Factorial_false-termination-input.c: concrete:false abstract:unknow
trm_svcomp_Factorial_false-termination-rand.c: concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_Fibonacci_false-termination-input.c: concrete:false abstract:unknow
trm_svcomp_Fibonacci_false-termination-rand.c:  concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_Flip2_false-termination-inputinput.c: concrete:false abstract:unknow
trm_svcomp_Flip2_false-termination-inputrand.c: concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_Flip2_false-termination-randinput.c: concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_Flip2_false-termination-randrand.c:  concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_Flip_false-termination-inputinput.c: concrete:false abstract:unknow
trm_svcomp_Flip_false-termination-inputrand.c:  concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_Flip_false-termination-randinput.c:  concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_Flip_false-termination-randrand.c:   concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_Gauss_false-termination-input.c: concrete:false abstract:unknow
trm_svcomp_Gauss_false-termination-rand.c: concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_GCD2_false-termination-inputinput.c: concrete:false abstract:unknow
trm_svcomp_GCD2_false-termination-randinput.c:  concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_GCD2_false-termination-randrand.c:   concrete:true abstract:true 
trm_svcomp_GCD_false-termination-inputinput.c:  concrete:false abstract:unknow
trm_svcomp_GCD_false-termination-inputrand.c: concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_GCD_false-termination-randinput.c: concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_GCD_false-termination-randrand.c: concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_Hanoi_2vars_false-termination-inputinput.c: concrete:false abstract:unknow
trm_svcomp_Hanoi_2vars_false-termination-inputrand.c:  concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_Hanoi_2vars_false-termination-randinput.c: concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_Hanoi_2vars_false-termination-randrand.c: concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_Hanoi_3vars_false-termination_rii.c: concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_Hanoi_3vars_false-termination_rir.c: concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_Hanoi_3vars_false-termination_rrr.c: concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_Hanoi_3vars_false-termination_irr.c: concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_Lcm_false-termination-inputrand.c:  concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_Lcm_false-termination-randinput.c:  concrete:false abstract: unknow
trm_svcomp_Middle_false-termination-inputinput.c:  concrete:false abstract: unknow
trm_svcomp_Middle_false-termination-inputrand.c:  concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_Middle_false-termination-randinput.c: concrete:true abstract:unknow precision:widening?
trm_svcomp_Middle_false-termination-randrand.c: concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_MirrorInterv_false-termination-input.c: concrete:false abstract:unknow
trm_svcomp_MirrorInterv_false-termination-rand.c: concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_MirrorIntervSim_false-termination-input.c: concrete:false abstract:unknow
trm_svcomp_MirrorIntervSim_false-termination-rand.c: concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_Mysore_false-termination-inputinput.c:  concrete:false abstract:unknow
trm_svcomp_Mysore_false-termination-inputrand.c: concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_Mysore_false-termination-randinput.c: concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_Mysore_false-termination-randrand.c: concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_Narrowing_false-termination-input.c: concrete:false abstract:unknow
trm_svcomp_Narrowing_false-termination-rand.c:  concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_NarrowKonv_false-termination-input.c:  concrete:false abstract:unknow
trm_svcomp_NarrowKonv_false-termination-rand.c:   concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_NonTermination2_false-termination-inputinput.c: concrete:false abstract:unknow
trm_svcomp_NonTermination2_false-termination-inputrand.c:  concrete:true abstract:unknow precision:maybe widening with min
trm_svcomp_NonTermination2_false-termination-randinput.c:  concrete:true abstract:true 
trm_svcomp_NonTermination2_false-termination-randrand.c: concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_NonTerminationSimple3_false-termination-inputinput.c: concrete:false abstract:unknow
trm_svcomp_NonTerminationSimple3_false-termination-inputrand.c: concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_NonTerminationSimple3_false-termination-randinput.c: concrete:true abstract:unknow precision:widening evolve
trm_svcomp_NonTerminationSimple3_false-termination-randrand.c: concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_NonTerminationSimple4_false-termination-inputinput.c: concrete:false abstract:unknow
trm_svcomp_NonTerminationSimple4_false-termination-inputrand.c:  concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_NonTerminationSimple4_false-termination-randinput.c: concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_NonTerminationSimple4_false-termination-randrand.c:  concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_NonTerminationSimple6_false-termination-input.c: concrete:false abstract:unknow
trm_svcomp_NonTerminationSimple6_false-termination-rand.c: concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_NonTerminationSimple7_false-termination-inputinput.c: concrete:false abstract:unknow 
trm_svcomp_NonTerminationSimple7_false-termination-inputrand.c: concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_NonTerminationSimple7_false-termination-randinput.c: concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_NonTerminationSimple7_false-termination-randrand.c: concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_PastaC10_false-termination.c:  concrete:false abstract:unknow 
trm_svcomp_Singapore_plus_false-termination.c: concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_Singapore_v1_false-termination.c: concrete:false abstract:unknow
trm_svcomp_Singapore_v2_false-termination.c: concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_UpAndDown_false-termination-input.c: concrete:false abstract:unknow
trm_svcomp_UpAndDown_false-termination-rand.c:  concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_UpAndDownIneq_false-termination-input.c: concrete:false abstract:unknow
trm_svcomp_UpAndDownIneq_false-termination-rand.c: concrete:true abstract:true
trm_svcomp_WhileNested_false-termination-input.c: concrete:false abstract:unknow
trm_svcomp_WhileNestedOffset_false-termination-rand.c:  concrete:true abstract:true